ah it's a fabulous neighborhood do
neighbors
why don't we judge it's not a fraternity
we have to go out there let me say by
the way keep it down
well we're inside like that I'll throw
it away keep it up don't do it like that
what you do a little weird you just keep
it down
to say it normal hey homies you could
maybe just some time keep it down we're
too noisy don't call the cops okay I'll
go tell them
[Applause]
we're gonna have to call the cops it
seems only do it anonymously it's a good
idea they do our dirty work for us okay
you sold us out
you caught about your neighbors no no
they'll call ID the cops
everybody has caller ID you have no idea
what you started look one of the
darkness sorry my ball just got
in your face they're so huge and hard to
hold through there Spencer Bush they're
in there sweetie
a balloon frat broke into the car and
stole the airbags so we're not by the
gun
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm a darkness inside of me and you will
see it do we miss the airbag
[Music]